README.md, before:


> Open this page at [https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/](https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/)

## Use as Extension

This repository can be added as an **extension** in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **New Project**
* click on **Extensions** under the gearwheel menu
* search for **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and import

## Edit this project ![Build status badge](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/workflows/MakeCode/badge.svg)

To edit this repository in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **Import** then click on **Import URL**
* paste **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and click import

## Blocks preview

This image shows the blocks code from the last commit in master.
This image may take a few minutes to refresh.

![A rendered view of the blocks](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/raw/master/.github/makecode/blocks.png)

#### Metadata (used for search, rendering)

* for PXT/microbit
<script src="https://makecode.com/gh-pages-embed.js"></script><script>makeCodeRender("{{ site.makecode.home_url }}", "{{ site.github.owner_name }}/{{ site.github.repository_name }}");</script>



> Open this page at [https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/](https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/)

## Use as Extension

This repository can be added as an **extension** in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **New Project**
* click on **Extensions** under the gearwheel menu
* search for **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and import

## Edit this project ![Build status badge](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/workflows/MakeCode/badge.svg)

To edit this repository in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **Import** then click on **Import URL**
* paste **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and click import

## Blocks preview

This image shows the blocks code from the last commit in master.
This image may take a few minutes to refresh.

![A rendered view of the blocks](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/raw/master/.github/makecode/blocks.png)

#### Metadata (used for search, rendering)

* for PXT/microbit
<script src="https://makecode.com/gh-pages-embed.js"></script><script>makeCodeRender("{{ site.makecode.home_url }}", "{{ site.github.owner_name }}/{{ site.github.repository_name }}");</script>

Commit message:

Update pxt.json, main.blocks, main.ts, README.md, main.py

README.md, after:

## Info from the creator. (This info is important as the code is slightly buggy and not as I desired)

Try to use this in one coding language if you want to edit the code.
**(Try not to use Blocks as it *MAY* mess with the format)**

> Open this page at [https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/](https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/)

## Use as Extension

This repository can be added as an **extension** in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **New Project**
* click on **Extensions** under the gearwheel menu
* search for **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and import

## Edit this project ![Build status badge](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/workflows/MakeCode/badge.svg)

To edit this repository in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **Import** then click on **Import URL**
* paste **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and click import

## Blocks preview

This image shows the blocks code from the last commit in master.
This image may take a few minutes to refresh.

![A rendered view of the blocks](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/raw/master/.github/makecode/blocks.png)

#### Metadata (used for search, rendering)

* for PXT/microbit
<script src="https://makecode.com/gh-pages-embed.js"></script><script>makeCodeRender("{{ site.makecode.home_url }}", "{{ site.github.owner_name }}/{{ site.github.repository_name }}");</script>



> Open this page at [https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/](https://lunaticbff57.github.io/soil-moisture/)

## Use as Extension

This repository can be added as an **extension** in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **New Project**
* click on **Extensions** under the gearwheel menu
* search for **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and import

## Edit this project ![Build status badge](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/workflows/MakeCode/badge.svg)

To edit this repository in MakeCode.

* open [https://makecode.microbit.org/](https://makecode.microbit.org/)
* click on **Import** then click on **Import URL**
* paste **https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture** and click import

## Blocks preview

This image shows the blocks code from the last commit in master.
This image may take a few minutes to refresh.

![A rendered view of the blocks](https://github.com/lunaticbff57/soil-moisture/raw/master/.github/makecode/blocks.png)

#### Metadata (used for search, rendering)

* for PXT/microbit
<script src="https://makecode.com/gh-pages-embed.js"></script><script>makeCodeRender("{{ site.makecode.home_url }}", "{{ site.github.owner_name }}/{{ site.github.repository_name }}");</script>
